hi everyone welcome to another episode
of raw radiant health calm and I'm
Natasha sit Michael and thank you so
much for joining me so I'm vaca montreal
i had my 30-hour flight and i'm doing
pretty good the second day back and I
hardly feel any jet lag which is pretty
amazing considering where I'm from or
where I've been living 12 hours ahead so
it's all been good and today since I met
my parents place I decided to fill my
mother making green smoothie because my
mother makes green smoothies every
single day for breakfast she's been
doing this for about a year now and from
just replacing her ordinary breakfast
that she used to have which used to be
like like bread like toastin and cheese
or bread like a bagel and butter or
something like that she replaced sort of
the bread cheese breakfast with having
about 32 ounces of green smoothie so but
four cups of green smoothie and from
that she was able to get off of her acid
reflux medication and she was on that
stuff for like 20 years and always very
scared to get off of it but we slowly
like took her off of it she cut down on
it and and eventually just got
completely off of it and she feels
fantastic that every single morning she
makes her green smoothies and all is
good so I decided since i'm so lucky
someone's making a green smoothie for me
that um i would film it and she make
great green smoothies actually because
she likes to use like different herbs
like coriander or mint and all sorts of
stuff she really gets experimental and
she also does like a different green
smoothie every single day so I've
decided to get as much sort of filming
of her making the green smoothies and so
I can share recipes with you guys so
it's always
something new and and for me to make
some more exciting so so my god i filmed
her this morning she doesn't like to be
in the video itself but she's there with
me making her green smoothies so I hope
you enjoyed it and here you go
so you've got eight ounces water one cup
of water at 10 min grapes and then I got
the baby spinach and I'd say it's one
packed Hansel 1 cup of God's you come
and say that half a cup or two three
inches and we've got three quarters of a
cup of strawberries pineapple I would
say that's Africa put in a frozen banana
something something cold who's that half
a banana yes and then you put your magic
ingredients 1 teaspoon of hemp seeds 1
tsp of hemp seed and 2 teaspoons of chia
seeds she's being she is she gets her
omega-3 she had fiber oh honey protein
one more sings cilantro
so we got some cilantro how much do say
is in that I would say maybe
if they're different conformation got
some coriander cilantro chia seeds hemp
seeds banana pineapple strawberries
spinach grapes cucumber and water and
then I'm just going to blend it all
there you go look at that beautiful
green smoothie others creation she
houses every single morning
and that's it so more recipes to come
definitely and if you guys are
interested we have a seven-day raw food
challenge coming up this Monday july 18
and if you want to learn more raw food
recipes you want to rant raw foods for
entire week to do a light cleanse that's
not too hardcore like a fast or
something but just doing raw foods for a
week it's a great way of cleansing and
detoxing and also just pressing that
that reset button on your appetite and
getting into eating healthy foods
especially this time of year for all of
you in Europe or North America you know
it's it's summertime take advantage of
like the wonderful produce fresh fruits
vegetables all that so if you're
interested in joining us go to my
website at www Brady and health com
click on seven-day raw food challenge
and there the information all about it
is there and you can sign up as well so
I'm wishing you guys fabulous day and I
will see you tomorrow bye